Continuous data are presented as median (range) and categorical data are presented as number (proportion).


Statistical analysis was carried out using SPSS 21.0 (IBM, Armonk, NY, USA). Continuous values were reported as median including the range of values and compared with t-test or Mann-Whitney U test as appropriate. Categorical variables were reported as percentages or frequencies and compared with the Chi-square or Fishers exact test as appropriate. Five year overall survival and disease free –survivals were estimated using the Kaplan-Meier method and reported in months ± standard error. Differences in survival between groups were compared with the log rank test. Overall survival was defined as the time between surgery and death. Disease free survival was defined as time between surgery and disease recurrence or death. Surviving patients were censored at the last clinic visit or after 5 years follow up. Time of follow up was defined as the period between surgery and the time of the last clinic visit in patients who survived without evidence of recurrence.
Cox proportional hazards modelling was used to identify hazard ratios (HR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) for DFS. Discrete variables were converted into categorical variables with optimal cut-off points determined by visual binning. Binned discrete variables were LN yield <12, LNR<0.25, platelet-to-lymphocyte ratio<160 (PLR) and neutrophil-to-lymphocyte ratio <2.5 (NLR). The categorical variable T-stage and histological differentiation grade were binned into T1-2 vs. T3-4 and well & moderate vs. poor differentiation because there were too few cases in each of the subgroups to allow statistical analysis. Other patient factors included for analysis were age, gender, jaundice at presentation, mass on CT, LN on CT, preoperative PET-CT, severe postoperative complications (defined as Clavien-Dindo grade 3 & 4), median tumour size and lymphovascular invasion. Adjuvant chemotherapy was not considered as a prognostic factor since the aim of the analysis was to identify NN patients who would benefit from adjuvant treatment. Pre and peri -operative factors with p<0.2 on univariate analysis were included into the multivariate Cox proportional hazards analysis which was conducted using the enter method. Correlations between all factors entered into the final Cox proportional hazard analysis were explored. If a strong correlation existed, only one of the two variables was included into the model.
